We can also make use of the object events to the events
we listen to to get more information about the event.
For example when we move the mouse we want to know
the coordinate information where the mouse is moved
on the page.
Or when we type something in the textbook we
want to display the value again somewhere.
Let's open the event handling two dot
html
here we have one big box that say's mouse over here.
Below that you'll find a description of x zero and y zero.
Later we will make use the event object to display
coordinate values in real time when we mouse over
this area.
Let's go back to our editor then open
the event handler two dot html file.
Here we can see
that inside the data property we defined x 0
and y 0. We will change the value of both
when we hover over the mouse inside the div which has id box
let's add in the box v-on colon mouse move
and then call get coordinates method
for example. Then in vue option we can define methods property
and then declare the get coordinates method in it.
by default vue js will pass the object event
in every method call in v-on directive.
So here we can explicitly define an argument
in get coordinates let's say event.
Then inside the method we just assign
event dot client x or x coordinate to the x property
and assign the event dot client y or
y coordinates in the y property save.
Now if we
however over our mouse or the blue box the value of
x and y will change in real time every time we move
the mouse.